
Except for a few words and the last paragraph confirming bench trial on June 17, the judge's order is the same as Plaintiff's counsel's proposed order in "Proposed Order on PreTrial Conference_v2.docx", with additions from the other Proposed document..

The file containing the Order is: "2018 CA 000543 Proposed Order on PreTrial Conference_v2.pdf". Except adding the case number ahead of the title, she did not bother to retitle the file: it's still Proposed.

The order mixes both Plaintiffs'proposed orders almost verbatim, including the footnotes, repeating verbatim the blatant errors of the proposed order (e.g. 140 hectares is the equivalent of 395 acres, whihc I had corrected earlier as being rather 346).

Regarding the photographs of my scrotum, same thing, a verbatin repeated footnote.

I read in the Order:
"However, this amendment was not filed in compliance with the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure."

Is that sufficient arguing?

1. Being on the Bench since 2000, 25 years ago, and having been a prosecutor in the state attorney's office before that, it would surprising that she could ignore such basic concepts as those pertaining to a Counterclaim , except if she were totally incompetent, but then how could she have such long a tenure?
2. Since she cannot be that incompetent, the explanation is that she doesn't bother to ever read my pleadings, and never corrects the errors of Plaintiff's, whose errors she replicates verbatim in her own orders.


1. Complaint lodged with the president of the Bar Association in Aix-en-Provence:

2.    Criminal complaint, Office of the French Prosecutor:

3.    Criminal complaint, County of Monroe, New York (English)

4.    Criminal complaint, FBI, Buffalo, New York (English)

5.    Additional pieces of evidence (English and French)

6.    Letter to the Magistrates' Union

7.    Letter to the President of the French Republic

8.    Letter to the newspaper: "Le Canard Enchaîné"

9.    Letter to Radio Monte Carlo

10.  Letter to the parliamentary group "L.I.O.T."

11.  Letter to Member of the European Parliament Bernard Guetta

12.  Letter to the Mission de Recherche Droit et Justice, Ministry of Justice

13.  Letter to Association Droits d'Urgence, Paris

14.  Second letter to the president of the Bar Association in Aix-en-Provence (French)

15.  Short summary of the cases (French)


On June 14, 

They are clarly playing on words:

1. I first noticed having a symptom of hernia in August 2017.
2. I did not worry too much about it until it really started to be large and painful in mid to late 2018.
3. On May 15, 2019 a physician visited me at home and issued a certificate stating that he disapproved of traveling.
4. Until May 15, 2019, I was not fully aware of the severity of the condition, despite the pain.
5. My attorney wrote on June 14, 2019, that since the court order of April 4, 2019 I had "developed" a severe medical condition which requires surgery.
6. That does not mean I didn't have it before, only that I became aware of the seriousness of the condition on May 15, 2019.
7. Plaintiff and the Court argue that "the fact that I claimed (or rather my attorney did) that it had  "developed" is misleading, since clearly Mr. Moszkowski was aware of the problem on or before December 30, 2018".
8. They need to explain the chronological rationale and relevance.
9. Let's invoke a scrivener's error, as Mr. Ball is so prone to, and replace "developed" by perhaps "revealed", or equivalent.
10. The insulting bad faith of these clowns is confounding, because it is compounded with sheer imbecility.
11. Their mental age, morals, and dignity are those of a six-year old.


When traveling abroad, my meals were provided by the sponsors I was visiting, but when the
sponsors were from a different country my food budget would not allow me to have more than
one meal every other day, and a frugal one at that (and no breakfast, of course, excepting free
instant coffee). My partners in Indonesia and Korea commented each time I visited them that I
had lost weight quite dramatically, and inquired whether I was ill. I could of course not tell them
that I did not have enough food money, while negotiating billions of dollars of business, and that
I subsisted from my single meal every other day to the next on free hotel room sugar bags. In
the end, I lost 45 lbs. on this forced diet while working non-stop for DeepGulf.
The above paragraph is not meant for the sensitive reader to burst into tears. It is meant to
provide a faithful and unadulterated depiction of the reality of facts, while illustrating the utter
and shocking ridicule of Mr. Howard’s accusation that I embezzled one million dollars from the company.


    Plainte auprès du Procureur de la République, auprès du Comté de Monroe, New York, auprès du FBI, Buffalo, New York et j'écrivis au Syndicat de la Magistrature, au Président de la République, au journal "Le Canard Enchaîné"< à Radio Monte Carlo, au groupe parlementaire "L.I.O.T.", au Député Européen Bernard Guetta, à la Mission de Recherche Droit et Justice, Ministère de la Justice, à l'Association Droits d'Urgence, Paris.


Attendu que M. David Rumsey lui répond qu’au cours de l’année 2013, à plusieurs reprises, M.
Marc Moszkowski lui a fait part des difficultés qu’il rencontrait pour régler les droits de
mutation de la propriété familiale de plusieurs hectares, dont il avait hérité à Châteaudouble (83)
; qu’il a accepté, le contrat de prêt ayant été assorti d’une promesse d’affectation hypothécaire
du même jour ; que les fonds ont été versés à la demande de M. Moszkowski à son fils , ce que
démontre le relevé de compte bancaire qu’il produit, pour plus de rapidité pour acquitter les
droits de mutation de la propriété familiale au Trésor public, dans la mesure où Arthur
Moszkowski résidait en France ; qu’ensuite les relations entre les parties se sont dégradées,
compte tenu de la violation par M. Marc Moszkowski des droits de propriété intellectuelle
détenus par la société Deepgulf, qui fait l’objet d’une procédure pendante aux États-Unis ; que
par courriel du 22 novembre 2017, M. Marc Moszkowski a refusé de rembourser le prêt,
notamment en invoquant un taux d’usure, tout en reconnaissant l’obligation de rembourser le
principal ; que par ordonnance du 16 octobre 2018, le juge de l’exécution du tribunal de grande
instance de Draguignan a autorisé le créancier à inscrire provisoirement une hypothèque sur les
biens sis à Châteaudouble appartenant à M. Marc Moszakowski ; que cette ordonnance du juge
de l’exécution lui a été signifiée le 30 octobre 2018 ; que la seule sanction du taux usuraire du
prêt consiste en la réduction au taux maximal autorisé, et non la nullité ; que si l’acte ne respecte
pas les formalités de l’article 1326 du code civil, il vaut commencement de preuve par écrit
corroboré par des éléments extrinsèques ; que c’est M. Marc Moszkowski lui-même qui a
effectué les démarches en vue de la rédaction d’un prêt valant reconnaissance de dette et du
contenu de la promesse d’affectation hypothécaire ; et que M. Marc Moszkowski a utilisé les
fonds prêtés par M. David Rumsey pour régler les droits de mutation au trésor public de sa
propriété familiale située à Châteaudouble (83 300 Le Verdos), dans laquelle il vit encore à ce
jour.

https://marc-moszkowski.github.io/Dockets/Notice%20of%20Filing%20Defendant%EF%BF%BDs%20Notice%20of%20Non-Appearance%20Due%20To%20Physical%20Impossibility%20and%20Reservation%20of%20All%20Rights%20w%20Notice.pdf


Defendant's 

Defendant 


"D:\A-DATA\Deep\Dispute\Case 2018 CA 000543\Case Files"

Get-ChildItem | Rename-Item -NewName { $_.Name -replace "Defendant's","Defendant" }

Get-ChildItem | Where-Object {$_.Name -like "*Defendant's*"} | Rename-Item -NewName { $_.Name -replace "Defendant's","Defendant" }

Plaintiff's

Get-ChildItem | Where-Object {$_.Name -like "*Plaintiff's*"} | Rename-Item -NewName { $_.Name -replace "Plaintiff's","Plaintiff" }




cd "D:\A-DATA\Deep\Dispute\Case 2018 CA 000543\Case Files\Case files -o"

cd "C:\Users\YourName\My Documents\Another Folder"

git commit -m "Add large file: "Defendant Response to Plaintiff affidavit with exhibits.pdf""
git commit -m "Add large file: "Defendant Response to Plaintiff affidavit with exhibits.pdf"

"Defendant Response to Plaintiff affidavit with exhibits.pdf"


git config --global user.email "m.moszkowski@yahoo.com"

git config --global user.name "Marc-Moszkowski"

git commit -m "Add Defendant Response to Plaintiff affidavit with exhibits.pdf"

git push origin main

git remote add origin https://github.com/Marc-Moszkowski/Dockets.git

https://github.com/Marc-Moszkowski/Dockets.git

Notice of Re-Submission of Four Key Filings out of More Than A Hundred w Filings.pdf

git add "Notice of Re-Submission of Four Key Filings out of More Than A Hundred w Filings.pdf"


git commit -m "Notice of Re-Submission of Four Key Filings out of More Than A Hundred w Filings.pdf"





git add "Notice of Re-Submission of Four Key Filings out of More Than A Hundred w Filings.pdf"

git commit -m "Notice of Re-Submission of Four Key Filings out of More Than A Hundred w Filings.pdf"

git push origin master:main


D:\A-DATA\C-GAS\Eastseas.com backup\J-FLEX

git add J-Flex.mp4
git commit -m "Add J-Flex.mp4 to J-FLEX"
git push origin main

C:\Users\mmcke\Eastseas
C:\Users\mmcke\Eastseas

git reset --hard cdfd2ff


cd C:\Users\mmcke\Eastseas
git add J-FLEX\J-Flex.mp4
git commit -m "Add J-Flex.mp4 to J-FLEX"
git push origin main





